# Guessing-game-project
This is a project based on a number guessing game built using python

Number Guessing Game:
This is a simple number guessing game where the player has to guess a random number generated by the computer. The game keeps track of the player's attempts and provides feedback on whether the guess is too high or too low. The game also keeps track of the high scores and displays them at the end of each game.

Dependencies:
This program uses the following Python modules:

random for generating a random number
time for measuring elapsed time
pygame for playing sound effects

Installation: 
To install the required modules, run the following command: pip install pygame
Note: Pygame is very important to run this file, so please make sure you have imported the pygame package

How to play:
Run the program by executing python number_guessing_game.py in the terminal.
The game will generate a random number between 1 and 100.
Enter your guess when prompted. If your guess is too low or too high, the game will provide feedback.
Keep guessing until you guess the correct number.
The game will display how many attempts it took you and the time it took to guess the number.
The game will also display the high scores list.
You can choose to play again or quit the game.

Music file:
Add the music file in your folder before running the code

Contributing:
Contributions to this program are welcome! If you would like to contribute, please follow these guidelines:

Fork the repository
Make your changes
Test your changes
Submit a pull request

License:
This program is licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.
